# Documentation Interest Group — January 12, 2022 — 2:00 PM Eastern

Zoom: https://utexas.zoom.us/j/99578628365?pwd=a21YS1RkVnd5WGpITmxvd0czeW1SZz09
Meeting ID: 995 7862 8365, Passcode: 452561

## Attendance

* Mirko Hanke, Yamil Suarez, Melissa Anez, Amy Blau

  
## Resources
* [Islandora 8 Documentation](https://islandora.github.io/documentation/)
* [Spreadsheet on Islandora 8 Documentaton](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1E-kRw9xE60CKK0qL1-phzeVKjEZu3qBKZ9d3LH1hDEE/edit?usp=sharing)
* [Islandora 8 Documentation Issues](https://github.com/Islandora/documentation/labels/documentation)
* [Islandora 7 Documentation](https://wiki.lyrasis.org/display/ISLANDORA/Start)

## Agenda
- Open pull requests (2-3, max. 20 minutes): https://github.com/Islandora/documentation/pulls
- Review Sprint "Github project" items https://github.com/orgs/Islandora/projects/6/views/9
- Discussion of how to track updates to Islandora code that will require changes in the documentation arising from thr Sprint
- Review how future DIG Zoom meetings shoudl be configured if Mirko cannot join the meeting, since he currently owns the Zoom link


## Notes
Discussion of DIG Zoom meetings
* For now, put meeting link in the agenda (not in both calendar invite and agenda) so there is only one place to update if necessary.
* Mirko will ask at the ICC meeting if hosting interest group meetings is part of the new Islandora intern's work.

Open pull requests
* Melissa's [documentation from the sprint](https://github.com/islandora/documentation/pull/1997) needs review and merging
* Decision to continue with other discussions now, Mirko will come back to this review at the end of meeting when Yamil and Amy can watch the testing process.

Discussion of how to track updates
* Melissa signed up for the sprint to remind people of this issue, but there was no feedback, no metadocumentation out of the sprint.
* Is everything that was completed in the sprint on the [board](https://github.com/orgs/islandora/projects/6/views/9), and are the statuses accurate?
* It is unclear to DIG what was completed and what holes remain in documentation after sprint work; DIG members know of no official sprint review or write-up.
* Communication question -- how do we keep emphasizing that signficant changes to code require updates to documentation by those making the changes?
  * It would be good to identify new documentation issues as part of tech call PR round-up.
  * Include a reminder for submitters/reviewers in tech call agenda?
  * DIG liaison presence at tech calls to also remind? (Melissa and Yamil have been attending tech calls fairly regularly)
* Mirko will report to ICC that DIG is having difficulting tracking new functionality that would warrent documentation updates, and we don't have a good solution to identify these cases. The DIG would prefer to have the information come from the developer side, and the question is how best to organize that.

## Action items
* [x] Yamil to turn [cookbook template](https://github.com/Islandora-Labs/Islandora-Cookbook/blob/main/recipes/recipe_template.md) into Google doc for easier collaboration
* [ ] revisit feature parity document
* [ ] add a reminder to the pull request template for _code_ commits to remember documentation
* [ ] (long term) Removing "8" from docs, as we switch to numberless branding, add reference/explanation about software versioning changes.
* [ ] Co-conveners will come up with text for I8 welcome page based on example https://github.com/Islandora/documentation/issues/1787
* [ ] Yamil to make PR for Issue templates
* [ ] Try different approaches for asking contributors to initiate/provide material for documentation
* [ ] Yamil will recreate https://github.com/Islandora/documentation/pull/1816
